[adventurous music]
♪ ♪
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
- I'M TAKING THESE
TO SCHOOL WITH ME.
I KNOW JOY SAID VICTOR WAS
ONE OF THE GOOD GUYS,
BUT I STILL DON'T TRUST HIM.
- OH, FABIAN, BE A LOVE.
GIVE THESE LETTERS TO VICTOR.
I'M OFF TO THE SUPERMARKET.
IF I DON'T GO NOW,
I'LL MISS MY BUS
AND THEN LUNCH
WITH YOUR UNCLE ADE.
- WHY DO YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'VE SEEN A GHOST?
- THIS ONE'S FROM THE HOSPITAL.
- IT MUST BE
ALFIE'S TOXICOLOGY REPORT.
- RIGHT.
- THE HALL IS NOT AN AREA
FOR LOITERING!
- JUST, UH, LETTERS, VICTOR.
- YOU NEED TO RELAX, FABIAN.
YOU BASICALLY
HAVE TO TRUST VICTOR.
REMEMBER WHAT JOY SAID.
- DID YOU JUST SAY
YOU SPOKE TO JOY?
IS SHE ALL RIGHT?
- JOY IS FINE.
SHE JUST SAID SHE DOESN'T WANT
TO COME BACK TO THE SCHOOL
AND...
AND SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK
TO ANY OF US ANYMORE.
- WHEN DID SHE SAY ALL OF THIS?
- [grunts]
- OW?
- I'M SORRY.
WAS THAT YOUR FOOT?
- YES, MORE IMPORTANTLY,
THAT WAS A VERY SPECIAL SHOE.
- [clears throat]
- OH.
UH, YEAH.
YEAH, JOY HATES US ALL.
- PFFFF.
- OKAY?
I HOPE I DIDN'T
UPSET YOU EARLIER.
- ABOUT WHAT?
- WHEN I MENTIONED YOUR PARENTS?
AND YOU GOT VERY ODD
AND RAN AWAY.
- NO, I DIDN'T.
- YOU DID ACTUALLY.
- HONESTLY, MARA, IT'S FINE.
- OKAY, GOOD.
- DO YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN AT
BOARDING SCHOOL SINCE I WAS...
FIVE YEARS OLD?
- I DIDN'T.
THAT'S SO YOUNG.
EVEN HARRY POTTER DIDN'T GO
TILL HE WAS 11.
- YOU JUST LEARN HOW TO HIDE
YOUR EMOTIONS.
- WOW.
WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT IT?
YOU HAVE A SENSITIVE SIDE.
SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST,
I'M USED TO YOU AND ALFIE
GOOFING AROUND.
THAT'S ALL.
THERE'S MORE TO YOU
THAN MEETS THE EYE, ISN'T THERE?
- I'M ACTUALLY
A VERY DEEP PERSON, MARA.
FOR EXAMPLE, DID YOU KNOW
THAT I AM THE CURRENT
ANUBIS HOUSE
JELLYBEAN-EATING CHAMPION?
- THE WHAT?
- [speaking foreign language]
[groans]
[jellybeans clattering]
- THAT SHOULD REALLY BE
AN OLYMPIC EVENT.
- OKAY.
I KNOW THAT JOY SAID WE NEED TO
TRUST VICTOR AND THE TEACHERS,
BUT THERE'S STILL
THE LITTLE ISSUE
ABOUT THE PUZZLE PIECES
AND THE PHOTO OF VICTOR IN 1925
LOOKING EXACTLY THE SAME
AS HE DOES TODAY
AND THE ELIXIR
AND JUST THE GENERAL
ALL-AROUND CREEPINESS.
- I KNOW, BUT THE ELIXIR
ALFIE DRANK
WASN'T ELIXIR, THOUGH,
WAS IT?
IT WAS CLEANING FLUID.
- VICTOR SAID
BUT THE TOXICOLOGY REPORT
MAY SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
DO I SPY VICTOR GOING
INTO SWEETIE'S OFFICE?
- AND TRUDY'S OUT ROMANCING
UNCLE ADE, WHICH MEANS...
- ANUBIS HOUSE IS EMPTY!
- I AM PLEASED TO REPORT
THAT EVERYTHING APPEARS TO BE
BACK UNDER CONTROL.
- EXCEPT WE NO LONGER HAVE
THE ANKH.
- RUFUS ZENO TOOK THE PIECES
FROM MY SAFE
ON THE NIGHT OF THE SCHOOL PLAY.
I AM CONVINCED OF IT.
- HOW WILL WE GET THEM BACK?
- WELL, LET US REMEMBER THAT
THE ANKH BY ITSELF IS USELESS.
WE STILL HAVE THINGS HE NEEDS.
HE'LL SHOW HIS FACE AGAIN.
I'M SURE OF IT.
AND THIS TIME,
WE'LL BE READY FOR HIM.
[birds cawing]
♪ ♪
- OKAY, YOU ARE
WAY BETTER AT THIS
THAN JELLYBEAN CHALLENGE.
WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED?
- OH, I'M A GUY OF MANY
AND VARIED TALENTS, MARA.
- WHY DON'T YOU COME
TO THE SCHOOL CHESS CLUB?
OH, RIGHT.
UNCOOL.
OUCH.
THAT'S MORE LIKE THE JEROME
I KNOW AND LOVE.
- HALF-PIPE, HERE WE COME.
CHECK THE NEW DECK, BRO.
- BUSY.
- AW, COME ON!
YOU?
ME?
SKATE PARK?
KNEE PADS?
INJURIES?
IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME!
- BUSY, ALFIE.
- FINE.
[screams]
[laughter]
WHY?
- OKAY, WE HAVEN'T GOT LONG.
I'LL CHECK THIS SIDE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- SEEING IF...YES.
THEY'RE STILL HERE.
LOOK AT THESE, FABIAN.
THEY'VE GOT OUR NAMES ON.
I SAW THEM LAST TIME
I WAS IN HERE.
- OH, THAT IS CREEPY.
- YEAH.
LET'S SEE WHAT ELSE
HE'S HIDING.
- OH, OH, OH!
HERE IT IS.
- [gasps]
- DEFINITELY WASN'T
CLEANING FLUID.
- FABIAN.
LOOK AT THIS.
- VICTOR RODENMAAR SENIOR
WITH VICTOR RODENMAAR JUNIOR,
1922.
THAT'S VICTOR'S FATHER.
BUT THAT MEANS THE VOICE
ON THE CYLINDERS
AND THE PHOTOGRAPHS...
THEY WEREN'T OF VICTOR.
THEY WERE OF VICTOR'S--
- VICTOR'S DAD?
WHAT DOES
THE TOXICOLOGY REPORT SAY?
- H2O.
- WATER?
- GINSENG, ANGELIKA,
CINNAMON BARK,
IT WAS JUST
A HERBAL CONCOCTION.
- SO THERE'S NO ELIXIR OF LIFE?
- SO VICTOR ISN'T 120,
AND THERE IS NO ELIXIR,
AND THE VOICE ON SARAH'S
RECORDING IS VICTOR'S DAD?
THAT'S INSANE.
- WOW.
YOU REALLY WERE LISTENING.
- I KNOW!
I FIND IT HELPS
TO IMAGINE I'M MARA,
BUT ONLY FOR, LIKE, A SECOND
BECAUSE THEN IT'S WEIRD.
- SO THERE IS NO MYSTERY.
- BUT NONE OF IT ADDS UP.
YOU GUYS AREN'T GIVING UP ON ME,
ARE YOU?
- [mouthing words]
- FINE.
- NO, NO, NO, NINA,
I WAS JUST THINKING--
- NO, IT'S OKAY, FABIAN.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY ANYTHING.
MAYBE I WAS WRONG.
I HAVE BEEN THIS FAR.
- NO, I DIDN'T MEAN--
- OKAY, GUYS, ALL OUR YEAR
HAS TO MEET IN THE DRAMA STUDIO,
MRS. ANDREWS HAS
SOME BIG IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
TO MAKE APPARENTLY.
HEY, MAYBE THEY FOUND THE THIEF
THAT STOLE THE STUFF FROM
VICTOR'S SAFE OR SOMETHING.
- OKAY, QUIETEN DOWN
NOW EVERYBODY'S HERE.
I JUST WANT TO LET EVERYONE KNOW
THAT WE ARE
OFFICIALLY MOVING AHEAD
WITH OUR IDEA
OF A SCHOOL REPRESENTATIVE.
AND THAT PERSON WILL BE CHOSEN
FROM THIS YEAR GROUP.
- IS THAT IT?
BORING.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE
SOME EXCITING MYSTERY.
- BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR.
- SO DO WE HAVE ANY NOMINATIONS?
- I NOMINATE MARA JAFFRAY.
- VERY GOOD.
ANY OTHER NOMINATIONS?
- I NOMINATE--
- DON'T YOU DARE!
- UM...AMELIA PINCHERS.
- AMELIA?
EXCELLENT.
- [whispers]
WHAT?
SHE SEEMS QUALIFIED.
- ANY OTHER NOMINATIONS?
NO.
SO NOMINATIONS WILL CLOSE
IN FIVE DAYS' TIME.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- WELCOME TO
"WE LOVE MARA" LAND,
POPULATION: JEROME.
- CALM DOWN.
I HAD NO IDEA
YOU WERE INTO "BRACE FACE."
- SHUT UP.
SHE'LL HEAR YOU.
- AMELIA!
[chuckles]
YOU CAN RUN,
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE, MATE.
- WOW.
WEIRD.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
WHERE'S THE OTHER ONE?
[knock at door]
- LIGHTS OUT NOW!
- SARAH?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- YOU'RE NOT GIVING UP ON ME,
ARE YOU, NINA?
- NO!
NEVER!
- GOOD,
BECAUSE IT'S JUST BEGINNING.
11-01-01-19-15.
- SORRY.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
- 11...01...
01...1...9...
1...5.
- SARAH?
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
- YOU LITTLE FOOL.
- [screams]
- PATRICIA?
ANOTHER NIGHTMARE?
- NO, JUST HOW I LIKE
TO GREET THE MORNING.
[sighs]
- HI.
YOU OKAY?
-YEAH.
WHY WOULDN'T I BE?
- YOU HAD A BAD NIGHT.
- I'M FINE.
- I DIDN'T SLEEP
TOO GOOD EITHER.
I WAS UP ALL NIGHT
LOOKING FOR U.F.O.s.
[laughter]
- U.F.O.s?
- YEAH.
[all laughing]
- THEY'RE COMING, TRUST ME.
AND THEN EVERYBODY
WILL COME RUNNING TO ALFIE
FOR HIS ALIEN EXPERTISE.
- WHAT?
- ALFIE LEWIS,
CHAMPION OF THE EARTH.
[laughter]
WE'RE DOOMED.
- HEY, UM, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING.
- YEAH, ME TOO.
TELL ME THE NUMBERS AGAIN.
- 11, 01, 01, 19, 15.
- AND THIS WAS A DREAM?
- WELL, I MUST HAVE
BEEN DREAMING.
I MEAN, IT WASN'T LIKE ANY DREAM
I'VE HAD BEFORE,
BUT IT FELT SO REAL.
- IT'S WEIRD.
- YEAH, WELL,
ADD THAT TO THE LIST
OF WEIRD THINGS
THAT KEEP HAPPENING.
ANYWAY, WHAT DID YOU WANT
TO TELL ME?
- UM...
LOOK, LOOK, I KNOW
YOU'RE GOING TO THINK CALMLY
AND RATIONALLY ABOUT THIS.
BUT THE THING IS,
I'VE KID OF MISPLACED
ONE OF THE LATEST PUZZLE PIECES.
- WHAT?
- I, TOO, HAVE BEEN THINKING
CALMLY AND RATIONALLY ABOUT IT.
AND I THINK IT FELL
OUT OF MY BAG
WHEN I SHOVED IT UP THERE
YESTERDAY.
I THOUGHT THERE WAS GONNA BE
A BAG SEARCH.
EXCELLENT.
IT'S NOT HERE.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN
SWEPT UP LAST NIGHT.
- VICTOR.
- WHAT'S THAT?
- NOTES FOR A CAMPAIGN SPEECH,
SCHOOL REP.
I THINK I COULD BE GOOD
FOR THIS PLACE.
- YEAH?
COMMENDABLE, BUT IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO ACE THE ELECTION, MARA,
YOU'RE GONNA NEED
A RED HOT CAMPAIGN MANAGER.
MOI.
- I'M INTRIGUED
AND COMPLETELY FRIGHTENED
AT THE SAME TIME.
- SO THAT'S A YES,
ISN'T IT?
[bell chiming]
- I WILL GET IT BACK.
- HOW?
- I DON'T KNOW.
BUT I WILL.
I PROMISE.
- OKAY, SETTLE DOWN, EVERYONE,
QUICKLY, QUIETLY, PLEASE.
I WANT TO TALK NUMEROLOGY.
- NUMEROLOGY?
SIR, THIS IS A SERIOUS CLASS,
NOT NEW AGE CRUD.
- TODAY WE WOULD LOOK
AT SOMETHING LIKE THIS CHAIR
AND SAY IT ISN'T ALIVE,
BUT THE ANCIENT EGYPTIANS
BELIEVED EVERYTHING WAS ALIVE.
THEY BELIEVED EVERYTHING WAS
MADE UP OF LIVING PARTICLES...
AND THAT EVERY PERSON,
EVERY OBJECT
COULD BE REDUCED DOWN
TO WHAT THEY BELIEVED
WERE DIVINE NUMBERS.
THE GOD OSIRIS REPRESENTS
THE FIRST PERFECT ODD NUMBER,
THREE,
WHILST ISIS REPRESENTS
THE NUMBER FOUR.
THE RESULT OF THE TWO
WAS THEIR SON, HORUS,
WHO'S REPRESENTED
BY THE NUMBER FIVE.
- PATRICIA,
ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME?
I SAID IT'S TIME TO COME HOME.
- [screams]
- [sighs]
GUESS THAT'S CLASS DISMISSED.
- YO, TRIXY.
I'D KNOW THOSE BIKER BOOTS
ANYWHERE.
- ALFIE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GET OFF MY FOOT.
- SO WHAT'S UP?
WHAT'S WITH THE FREAK-OUT
IN CLASS
AND THE HIDING-
IN-THE-LAUNDRY-ROOM BUSINESS?
- FELL ASLEEP IN CLASS.
I HAD A BAD DREAM.
END OF STORY.
- TELL ME ABOUT IT.
- OH, SHUT UP, ALFIE.
- NO, I MEAN,
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
SINCE MY TRIP,
YOU KNOW,
"LOOK BEHIND YOU.
CREEPY DOG FACE.
SOMETHING HORRIBLE."
WLAHHHH!
- SO WHAT DO YOU DO
TO STOP THE NIGHTMARES?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE GOT KIND OF AN EVIL DREAM
SURVIVAL KIT,
YOU KNOW,
TORCH UNDER THE SHEETS,
PLAY MUSIC TO GET ME TO SLEEP.
AND ALSO, I TRY
TO HANG AROUND OTHER PEOPLE
AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
SO I'M NEVER ALONE.
- THAT'S PATHETIC
BUT SWEET.
- EXCEPT JEROME'S KIND OF
ABANDONED ME FOR MARA RECENTLY.
- OKAY, HERE'S THE DEAL.
I'LL HANG OUT WITH YOU
IF YOU HANG OUT WITH ME,
AND THEN HOPEFULLY,
WHATEVER'S GIVING US BAD DREAMS
CAN FIGHT IT OUT BETWEEN THEM.
- YOU'RE ON.
HEY, PATRICIA,
CAN I SHOW YOU SOMETHING?
YOU NEVER KNOW; IT MIGHT BE
CONNECTED WITH OUR DREAMS.
IT'S ABOUT ALIENS.
- ALIENS.
YOU'RE NOT STILL GOING ON
ABOUT ALIENS.
- I JUST FINISHED READING
THIS BOOK, RIGHT,
ABOUT ALIENS
AND HOW THEY CAME TO OUR PLANET
IN, LIKE, 3,000 YEARS B.C.
AND THEN I FOUND THIS.
HOW WEIRD IS THAT?
- SO SHE'S DEFINITELY ALL RIGHT.
- YEAH, TOOK ME AGES
TO FIND HER.
SHE'S A BIT EMBARRASSED.
THAT'S ALL.
SO WHEN SHE COMES IN,
NO ONE MENTION IT, OKAY?
- FINE BY ME.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH SCARY TALK
AND SCREAMING FOR ONE DAY.
LISTEN UP, YOU GUYS.
MR. WINKLER SAID THE EGYPTIANS
WERE REALLY BIG ON NUMBEROLOGY.
AND I HAPPEN TO KNOW
HOW TO WORK OUT
YOUR PERFECT LOVE MATCH
BY WORKING OUT YOUR NUMBERS.
ANY TAKERS?
- NO, THANKS.
THERE IS NO SCIENCE
BEHIND THAT WHATSOEVER.
- [whispers]
HEY.
SARAH'S NUMBERS,
WHAT IF THEY'RE COORDINATES?
- HOW CAN YOU EVEN BEGIN
TO THINK ABOUT THAT
WHILE THE PUZZLE PIECES
ARE STILL MISSING?
- I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I WILL NOT GIVE UP
ON SARAH, THE QUEST,
AND CERTAINLY NOT ON YOU.
- THANKS.
[laughs]
THAT MEANS A LOT.
WOW.
IS IT HOT IN HERE?
- MR. SWEET?
MY PERFECT LOVE MATCH
IS OLD SWEETIE?
- [laughs]
- [shudders]
- SORRY, ALFIE.
LIKE I SAID,
THE NUMBERS NEVER LIE.
IT'S SCIENCE.
NINA, LET'S WORK OUT
YOUR NUMBER
AND THEN MAYBE FABIAN'S.
- LOST SOMETHING?
- SORRY?
[gasps]
WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS?
PATRICIA, I COULD KISS YOU.
- DON'T.
[mysterious music]
- [scoffs]
[laughs lightly]
A.L.?
ALFIE LEWIS!
WHOA!
OH.
E.T.'S GONE HOME.
- DOES ANYONE KNOW
IF ROBERT PATTINSON'S
GOT ANY MIDDLE NAMES?
- GUYS, WHERE'S ALFIE?
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE HELPING ME.
- AMBER, I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU COULD DO MY NUMBERS
AND MICK'S.
IS THAT TOO WEIRD?
- NO.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
I AM SO, LIKE, OVER MICK,
IT'S ALMOST LIKE
I'M IN ANOTHER UNIVERSE.
SO, UM, WRITE DOWN YOUR
FULL NAME AND DATE OF BIRTH.
- I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T
INTO ALL THAT HOKUM, MARA.
- OH, JEROME.
DIDN'T SEE YOU THERE.
IT'S JUST FOR GIGGLE.
- SO MICK'S A FOUR, WHICH MEANS
HE'S GONNA BE REALLY SUCCESSFUL,
WHICH IS WHY I GOT WITH HIM
IN THE FIRST PLACE,
EVEN THOUGH I'M A NINE,
WHICH MEANS I'M A LITTLE
MORE CREATIVE
AND NOT REALLY SUITED TO A FOUR.
ANYWAY, IT'S NOT ABOUT ME.
UH, SO, UM...
LET'S SEE.
YOU'RE A...
- WHAT?
YOU'RE A FOUR.
PERFECT MATCH.
- DON'T THEY SAY TO GO
TO SOMEONE WHO'S DIFFERENT
FROM YOU?
- NOT IN THIS CHART, NO.
SO CONGRATS.
WELL DONE.
GO...GET HIM.
- OKAY, SO HERE IS A MAP
OF THE HOUSE.
IF SARAH'S NUMBERS
ARE COORDINATES,
WE'LL BE ABLE TO USE THIS
TO PINPOINT A LOCATION,
WHICH, IN TURN, MAY LEAD US
TO ANOTHER CLUE.
- THEY'RE NOT COORDINATES,
FABIAN.
- THEY'RE NOT?
SARAH'S AN 11,
THE SAME AS ME.
- HUH?
- IT'S SARAH'S NUMEROLOGY NUMBER
AND HER DATE OF BIRTH.
11.
01.
[rumbling]
- WHAT WAS THAT?
- I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT'S FREAKING ME OUT.
- 01.
- IT'S 10:00.
YOU ALL KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
YOU HAVE FIVE MINUTES PRECISELY.
- 15.
[rumbling]
GUYS, I DON'T WANT
TO ALARM ANYONE,
BUT I THINK THE HOUSE MAY BE...
COMING TO LIFE.